# MR_datasense
<b>[draft intro]</b> The Anthropocene highlights limitations in existing frameworks 
for data collection and analysis with the suggestion that researchers have run up 
against the limits of the knowable. This has been revealed in a number of ways: an 
inadequacy in existing techniques to analyze a changing and uncertain future, 
challenges to the way in which researchers frame human activities relative to 
environmental transformation, and the politics that inform what questions can be 
asked. How are artists and researchers associated with <a 
href="https://www.hkw.de/en/programm/projekte/2018/mississippi_an_anthropocene_river/mississippi_an_anthropocene_river_start.php">Mississippi. 
An Anthropocene River</a> project engaged in explorations of the limits of the 
knowable, and what role does the concept of the Anthropocene have in prompting such 
questioning? This data sensing device was developed in collaboration with the <a 
href="https://www.hkw.de/en/programm/projekte/2018/mississippi_an_anthropocene_river/mississippi_an_anthropocene_river_start.php">Mississippi. 
An Anthropocene River</a> project and <a 
href="http://mississippistudies.org/">Mississippi Studies</a>. Works with Dweet.io 
(for live IOT data sharing), Freeboard.io (live data visualization of data) and SFTP 
(for archiving and backup). This code was written for a device consisting of the 
following hardware, but the code is modular, allowing you to remove sensors depending 
on your needs: * Raspberry Pi Zero 
(https://www.raspberrypi.org/blog/raspberry-pi-zero/) * <s>USGlobalSat BU353-S4 USB 
GPS Receiver 
(https://www.thegpsstore.com/USGlobalSat-BU353-S4-USB-GPS-Receiver-P3219.aspx)</s> * 
Ultimate GPS with USB - 66 channel w/10 Hz updates 
(https://www.adafruit.com/product/4279) * 9-DOF Accel/Mag/Gyro+Temp Breakout Board - 
LSM9DS1 (https://www.adafruit.com/product/3387) * BME680 - Temperature, Humidity, 
Pressure and Gas Sensor (https://www.adafruit.com/product/3660) * Waterproof DS18B20 
Digital temperature sensor + extras (https://www.adafruit.com/product/381) * Water 
quality meter (pH, DO, NO3, turbidity, salinity) * Digital flow meter
